[WIP] Asset Refactor Docs (#590)
frappe/erpnext_com: erpnext_com/www/docs/user/manual/en/stock/item.md

* **Is Fixed Asset**: Tick this checkbox if this item is a company Asset. Check out the [Asset Module](/docs/user/manual/en/asset) to know more.

> * **Auto Create Assets on Purchase**: If item is company Asset, tick this checkbox if you want to auto create assets while purchasing this item through [Purchase Cycle](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order). Check out the [Asset Module](/docs/user/manual/en/asset) to know more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Auto Create Assets on Purchase**: If Item is a Company Asset, tick this checkbox if you want to auto create assets while purchasing this item through [Purchase Cycle](/docs/user/manual/en/buying/purchase-order). Check out the [Asset Page](/docs/user/manual/en/asset/asset) to know more.
```
